docs: update docs for 6.7 instructions for the sdk (#1673)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/administration/add-cms-element-via-admin-sdk.md

import { location } from '@shopware-ag/meteor-admin-sdk';

// Only execute extensionSDK commands when

> // it is inside a iFrame (only necessary for plugins when using Shopware version below 6.7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// it is inside an iFrame (only necessary for plugins when using Shopware version below 6.7)
```

This is the main file, which is executed first and functions as the entry point.

> [Only necessary when using Shopware version below 6.7]  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: info
The steps below are only necessary for Shopware versions below 6.7.
:::
```

This is the main file, which is executed first and functions as the entry point.

::: info

> The steps below are only necessary for Shopware versions below 6.7.

Reviewer 3: And what do you need to do for 6.7 onward?
